[Music]
hello welcome listening to One India
news I am Akash Prime Minister nendra
Modi on Wednesday unveiled a new micro
site dedicated to the international yoga
day that his government plans to observe
in a grand manner on June 21st the micro
site a part of external Affairs Ministry
website provides detail about the
programs to be conducted across the
world on yoga day and later in the runup
to the event Modi and Aid practitioning
of yoga promised to post several yoga
postures on social media he announced
the launch of the micrite on Twitter
June 21st is name as the international
yoga Day by the UN following the support
from 177 countries on the occasion the
Indian government has organized event
across 192 office 193 with the exception
of Yemen a big program is scheduled to
be held in the New York's Time Square
where thousands would be led through
poses by yog Guru Shri Ravi Shankar it
will be beamed live external affairs
minister sasar saraj will lead
delegation to un in New York Modi will
lead ministers and bureaucrats in
performing yoga at delhi's rajput the
Indian army too is drawing an extensive
program to observe the day but that's
all for now but for more news and
updates log on to our YouTube channel
www. youtube.com/ indan newws
[Music]